Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Jessica Freeman: OH, JUST DANDY, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, hold on. I gotta get my earbuds connected
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's going on.
Jessica Freeman: Scanning
Jessica Freeman: court order for my custody case with Keon to attach to my taxes says, I get to claim him forever, forever and ever.
Jessica Freeman: So one more page and I'm done.
Jessica Freeman: So, this sucks.
Jessica Freeman: This sucks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Jessica Freeman: It's like, what day 12 I think they 12 of being stuck in the house.
Jessica Freeman: And yeah.
Jessica Freeman: No break you know
Jessica Freeman: Break.
Jessica Freeman: Down.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, so I had group last night.
Jessica Freeman: I like Dr element. He's cool. Dominique is a bit like pull out your yoga mat and rub your booty Buddha belly did a little too far for me, which is, and I'll engage, you know, I'll do what y'all asked me to do done it before.
Jessica Freeman: But there's this one.
Jessica Freeman: Patient in my group. It's like he just monopolizes the entire thing talking about nothing. You know, that's your element, and I don't have child care, by the way, Dr. Allen and Dominique, they try to be gracious, of course, and they they try to
Jessica Freeman: They try to put put a limit on what he does.
Jessica Freeman: I'm telling you he monopolizes the entire effing session and it gets old. It get I mean I'm over it. Like, I don't want to hear spoken voice over again.
Jessica Freeman: So I'll allow and if I can switch groups I sent him an email. I mean, my schedules wide open and it would be cool to be. I mean, I know that the goal is for everybody to be in group with your same therapist, you know, I like you. You're pretty cool. It'd be cool if I could be
Jessica Freeman: So I put in the request.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I was gonna say is you responded yet.
Jessica Freeman: No, I just didn't this morning.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Jessica Freeman: After last night's show
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Jessica Freeman: It was really like last night's group was awful. There were too many people in it like the whole medical management part first took like half the session.
Jessica Freeman: And then they showed a video on the
Jessica Freeman: Okay, and it was that or like a song sung by acquire and I'm like, I mean, in my check and I said hey you know
Jessica Freeman: Not great here. Like, I think a little bit more processing during group would be helpful for me. I mean, that's kind of the point, right. I don't want to acquire I'm up to date on
Jessica Freeman: And then Dominique like she just disappeared, like she wasn't there for half the meeting. I think it was probably a technical issue.
Jessica Freeman: And then Dr. Solomon had a Friday group patient drop in as a makeup session and like he went to a breakout group to talk to her about like getting her prescription sorted out.
Jessica Freeman: Find by Dominique gone on. So it's just like the animals are out of the fucking page right so it's just the patients in there with no facilitator and then Dr. Ali.
Jessica Freeman: phoned in a prescription for this other patient this Friday drop in patient and like phone call was live by total HIPAA violation. I'm sure he didn't realize it and I send them like a chat. You know, I don't know if y'all read
Jessica Freeman: Both her phone call is live right now like we are all sitting here listening to you call the pharmacy. I didn't get a response and then
Jessica Freeman: I went to go put my kid to bed. I sent a chat to everybody that says I'm putting my kid to bed. I'll be right back. I don't know if anybody read it but put my kid to bed and I come back and like I've been removed from the meeting. I'm like,
Jessica Freeman: You kick me out.
Jessica Freeman: But then I sent Dr element and email last night. And I'm like, Why do you kick me out. And he's like, oh no, the meeting and did while you were gone. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not having any of this like count against me. I was there, you know, I'm here, I'm early
Jessica Freeman: I engage. I do what I can. Can you hear me okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can hear you.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, I just got a little pop up that said your internet connection is unstable, which is you have to turn Wi Fi off on some devices.
Jessica Freeman: I have to save this first
Jessica Freeman: Tax
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Save.
Save done
Jessica Freeman: Off with her Wi Fi.
Jessica Freeman: Maybe that'll help
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, that was some more environment for you. Good morning. How
Jessica Freeman: Are you. I'm like,
Jessica Freeman: I can't get on by a thread here, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's getting kind of monotonous, isn't it.
Jessica Freeman: Everybody here just needs so much attention. I'm trying to work from home.
Jessica Freeman: Like I'm not having any success working from home, like I got to get away from here to be able to focus on anything, or at least have the kid gone and, you know, my mom is to babysit here and like
Jessica Freeman: Take him just take them in three hours if you just take him then, if you're here all day, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I'm I've expressed these things to her in a in a
Jessica Freeman: You know, a polite way and she is
Jessica Freeman: To take care of him at my house than it is hers, which I get that, but
Jessica Freeman: Give me a break, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Far away from you to
Jessica Freeman: 10 minutes
Jessica Freeman: Here today, but I haven't heard any like text notifications that she's on her way or trying to sort it out. I gave her the day off yesterday. I'm like, you don't have to come over, you have to watch him. But then on Thursday, you've got to take them weeks. And she said, Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All. Is there any way when she wants to watch him there that you can go to her house.
Jessica Freeman: Well, um, I mean, I guess. But like all the I brought the monitor. Like I brought all the computer stuff from the office here. So it's all in my bedroom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you go in your room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do your work and let your mom stay out in the living room with a baby.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, I do. But then he comes and bangs on the door and turn it in. And I'm like, I don't you watch like the whole point is to watch him.
Jessica Freeman: And then she you know she's sitting at the dining room table with her laptop. Like I could do that, you know, I don't need you to come over and work on your laptop. I need you to come over, engage an invasion, my kid.
Jessica Freeman: You know, but what am I going to do Beggars can't be choosers right can't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Jessica Freeman: I can
Jessica Freeman: Come up with several other cliches.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you engaging in online meetings.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, during at least one a day, sometimes more. Come on. Come here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's that working out.
Jessica Freeman: It's
Jessica Freeman: It's okay. I followed your
Jessica Freeman: Be quiet.
Jessica Freeman: I'm sharing my video raising my hand I'm sharing and participating doing everything he said, and
Jessica Freeman: You know, I did put out some calls to a couple of recovery houses, but I really didn't receive much response. So I'm just
Jessica Freeman: The ones from Indianapolis. I feel like other than my handful of friends there, you know, which I don't know what meetings are going to, I just go to the ones from Indianapolis, because I know people
Jessica Freeman: But I don't know, I feel like I'm invisible.
Jessica Freeman: And then like the ones to like the all inclusive, open your recovery meetings like hundreds of people in their
Jessica Freeman: ally in person. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But I did make a friend.
Jessica Freeman: On an online meeting and this girl Gabriella sent me her phone number and I texted her we had been texting. So I have someone that's checking in on me and getting to know her, and talking. So that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is good progress. Yeah. Does she live in your area.
Jessica Freeman: No, I don't know where she lives is on them eastern time she sent me a text message of
Jessica Freeman: So I'm like, no, don't do that.
Jessica Freeman: So I said, I set some boundaries. I was like, unless it's an emergency and you're like variety is being threatened right now try to keep it between 10am your time and then let
Jessica Freeman: Me.
Jessica Freeman: She was like,
Jessica Freeman: I'm like, do I manage it all set some boundaries error.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jessica Freeman: It's why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, tell me how your works going
Jessica Freeman: It's really frustrating.
Jessica Freeman: Like in order to put together like like to use the creativity and, you know, write and
Jessica Freeman: Produce content. You know, like infographics and
Jessica Freeman: You know, like white papers and you know content, I need to be able to focus and I can't focus here.
Jessica Freeman: I just can't. I almost want to be like, hey, can you give me, you know, whenever we go back to the office. I'm there. But like, this ain't working
Jessica Freeman: It's just not. I can't work from home with my little dog who wants to go UT every 10 minutes and my little boy who requires so much attention.
Jessica Freeman: Like. He's so mad at me right now. He's been trying to like Waller on me and Russell all morning. And I'm like, No, baby. I gotta do this, I gotta do that and he's he's pow right now so
Jessica Freeman: I'm not as much fun as I usually am.
Jessica Freeman: Kind of pitching today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it's all right. Totally good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Idea when you're going to be able to go back to the office.
Jessica Freeman: Whenever the stay at home thing is done, apparently, real estate is essential.
Jessica Freeman: So, and their booming. I mean, they got all kinds of work like they're selling houses. Every day they had 11 offers on one property in one day, like there's a lot happening in real estate right now.
Jessica Freeman: And that's great but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am just having a
Jessica Freeman: Tough time working from home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable. Definitely. When you are in a house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 24 seven with no reprieve
Jessica Freeman: Toil know three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it does kind of where on. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense. I
Jessica Freeman: Feel like I'm not getting enough done in any capacity, like I should be doing key in your hands out of your pants I should be doing.
Jessica Freeman: Like more engaging of my son. You know, like educational shit he doesn't care. He's not going to pay attention to you learning
Jessica Freeman: I did order a water table and it should be here on April 1 because he loves water weather's nice or it's getting nicer. It's not
Jessica Freeman: Great right now, warm, it's overcast, which is rare for Albuquerque. Anyway, I got a water table, it should be here soon. And he'll love that like pill spend hours out there making a mess.
Jessica Freeman: On the board, which is fine.
Jessica Freeman: I got him some Plato.
Jessica Freeman: But I mean I feel like I should be doing more
Jessica Freeman: And then with work. I should definitely be doing more. I mean, the house I have plenty of time to clean the house, house is a mess. I'm
Jessica Freeman: My definition of a mess.
Jessica Freeman: Which
Jessica Freeman: Is better than a lot of people, but what are you gonna do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you able
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: leave the house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, the systems, not portable as I was going to say when your mom comes to watch your son. Are you able to leave the house. You can go sit in like Starbucks parking lot. You don't have to go out and engage with anybody, but connect with their Wi Fi and be able to just get some peace.
Jessica Freeman: Nah man, all the stuff on that first of all the computers not portable, like you said, and also
Jessica Freeman: There's a lot of, you know, private information on the computer and it's like enormous so I wouldn't be able to sit in the car wouldn't be able to go into Starbucks. My only, the only time I get to focus on work is when he goes to my moms like he they took him or
Jessica Freeman: I got five solid hours of work in on Sunday, which was great.
Jessica Freeman: Should be back. Um,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's much better.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so five hours on Sunday and then yesterday. I don't have any child care at all might even for like two or three hours. So I just told them I was like, I can't get any work done today, but I do have 12 hours in for the week and you know
Jessica Freeman: I can do five today while while he's gone. And I can do three tomorrow, and then I'll be square. All I need to do is 20
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What they say
Jessica Freeman: Was that it was fine. I don't care. This is a weird situation I'm new. They haven't even had an opportunity to train me like I'm
Jessica Freeman: On an island.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely don't like it.
Jessica Freeman: I don't like it at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you FaceTime in your friends from Indiana Indianapolis.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm texting texting. Some no real FaceTime, although I will say that my brother who lives in Portugal hosted a, like a family's zoom meeting and there were like nine of my cousins and aunts and uncles and
Jessica Freeman: He had
Jessica Freeman: A rush
Jessica Freeman: Quiet, honey. My God.
Jessica Freeman: Can you hear him.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay.
Jessica Freeman: Sweetie pie singing his little love songs over there.
Jessica Freeman: And he's cost me a fortune with them like iPad games. Every 10 minutes. He's like,
Jessica Freeman: Well isn't saying like, look what
Jessica Freeman: He can't talk but
Jessica Freeman: I want this, I want this.
Jessica Freeman: No, no new games, no new game.
Jessica Freeman: Spending like
Jessica Freeman: $25 on new games every day.
Game.
Jessica Freeman: Doesn't even play with the ones he has
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of like the look of them. Hmm.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, also with this whole like stimulus thing.
Jessica Freeman: I'm trying to make sure that the IRS has the information that they need so that I can get
Jessica Freeman: Our stimulus money as my old accountant screwed up.
Jessica Freeman: And I had to file an amended return. And then last year was key and dad's year
Jessica Freeman: To claim them and now I have a court order this as I can and for 2019 and every year from now on.
Jessica Freeman: So that's actually what I was doing when you call me. I got my custody order and I printed it highlighted the parts that were important about the stimulus.
Jessica Freeman: And then Bob. My mom's husband is checking to make sure they have my credit address. And I don't think they had my checking account information. Since my old account is a dumb ass.
Jessica Freeman: So I gotta figure out
Jessica Freeman: How to Make sure they have all the current information. I mean, if they mail it they mail it. I just need to make sure they have the right address. And if they're not giving any child credit Collin.
Jessica Freeman: No, no child credit to that mother.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he claimed him last year.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, we had a custody order in place and then when I moved and I took advantage of the opportunity
Jessica Freeman: And I got everything I wanted, including a name change so kid's name will no longer be hyphenated with his dad's last name can be a freeman
Jessica Freeman: I just got the order like the signed executed order recently.
Jessica Freeman: So I got to do all this stuff with the Social Security office and get him a new birth certificate and all that stuff. And it's just like with everything that's going on right now. It's very low priority. I'm just going to wait until
Jessica Freeman: Anyway,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're gonna have like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You said you're gonna wait until that's all I heard
Jessica Freeman: YOU FOR A MINUTE. WAIT UNTIL things kind of settled down
Jessica Freeman: I mean I have to go.
Jessica Freeman: Into the Department of Health, the Department of Health is busy right now so I kind of want to let things settle down.
Jessica Freeman: With the coronavirus before I try to initiate that, you know, that's my part. That's my small part of helping is to not have super make superfluous requests when they're bigger priorities.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That even a DMV isn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In full operational.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, at all. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Big time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what can you do to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be able to have some time for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What can you do what, what are some of the options that you have
Jessica Freeman: Well,
Jessica Freeman: I've been doing puzzles and coloring
Jessica Freeman: Off the rye finance and things
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: There's one here to go
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so just doing the things like that that I that I like to do
Jessica Freeman: When he's doing his independent thing that's been
Jessica Freeman: There for years now off of
Jessica Freeman: Quiet, baby. Hey,
Jessica Freeman: Let's get something to put in your
Jessica Freeman: What you want it to be.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, I forgot what I was saying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just turned off my Wi Fi to
Jessica Freeman: What can I do
Jessica Freeman: What can I do so yeah I'm doing puzzles. I'm doing coloring do
Jessica Freeman: You want to say hi, say hi, say hi, say hi wave
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, hello.
Good job.
Jessica Freeman: That's a big deal for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's okay.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and he usually waves backwards. But then if you wave backwards at him, he'll away forwards.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny.
Jessica Freeman: You know, he's not receiving any services.
Jessica Freeman: So we're having some behavioral regression, you know,
Jessica Freeman: We've gone way backwards with food, just in a couple of weeks.
Jessica Freeman: He's not getting speech. He's not getting OT. He's not getting ABA. He's not getting shit.
Jessica Freeman: And I wouldn't swear. Except he doesn't repeat anything so
Jessica Freeman: You know, once he starts talking with if he ever started shocking because there's a chance that he might not talk like that i they told me to prepare myself that he'd be never talk
Jessica Freeman: And like I see mobs of autistic kids on my groups on Facebook and you know their kids are 13 and still don't talk and
Jessica Freeman: We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: This early intervention stuff is super important and you're not getting anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until how long
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's on a waiting list right
Jessica Freeman: Well, until school real and and I don't know if this is going to make the waitlist for ABA longer
Jessica Freeman: Since everybody's out right now I don't know because they have to staff, they have to make sure they have staff for each and every student or patient, I guess, because it is medical
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: I just, I don't know how long it's gonna last, I don't know what it's going to impact, but I do know this kid needs services and he's not getting them.
Jessica Freeman: And there's really not much I can do. I'm like, you know, looked around, but I'm sorry but like special needs people are the ones that are getting the short end of the stick on this. There's really
Jessica Freeman: What are you going to do nothing we can't do. He needs in person therapy and until the social distancing can be relaxed and he can go back to school.
Jessica Freeman: just is what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's tough. And it sucks, right. These are the things that's out of our control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just gotta kind of do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The best that you can do, you know,
Jessica Freeman: You just need some attention.
Jessica Freeman: He's nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's a cutie pie.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you. He really gonna lie, adorable needs a haircut. But those are torture and when i doing those right now so
Is he getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is he getting out at all to be
Jessica Freeman: Well, I can't take him for a walk and run away. I can't put them on a leash. He's too big for a stroller. So we play in the backyard.
Jessica Freeman: Nana just opened up the pool at her house. It's a heated pool. So we haven't had an opportunity to take advantage of that yet, but he loves water. So we're gonna we're going to use that pool. It's not exactly a gorgeous day right now, but soon enough soon enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Soon enough as right
Jessica Freeman: Whole lot so it's snow yesterday in Indianapolis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I think I saw somebody on Facebook him. I don't know. It might have been a memory but you know how you go through your Facebook like on this day all the memories and so many, so many are like me being pissed off because of the weather like
Jessica Freeman: So many
Jessica Freeman: Over the years,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not funny.
Jessica Freeman: I've been. I mean, I've been trying to get out of Indianapolis forever. And finally, when I accepted that I was like never going to leave is when I finally got an opportunity to leave.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's how it works on surrender and here you go.
Jessica Freeman: Exactly. My mom married the sky and they wanted to move to Albuquerque. And I was like,
Jessica Freeman: Sign me up. They wanted us to come, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I'm glad we did I really like it here.
Jessica Freeman: I love the mountains.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And warm weather no humidity.
Jessica Freeman: Blue Sky. I love it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No humidity. That's what I like about the west coast.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I like that a lot, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lived over there for a while and the humidity was horrible.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's pretty bad, like everybody in Indiana wants to move to Florida like Florida shady school systems, lots of crime wicked humidity storms, hurricanes from with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: No, Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's definitely a place to visit but not I wouldn't move there.
Jessica Freeman: Neither
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so tell me some other things that you were supposed to work on this week.
Jessica Freeman: I was supposed to share my video.
Jessica Freeman: On meetings raise my hand participate share definitely on that.
Jessica Freeman: Reach out talk to people.
Jessica Freeman: On that
Jessica Freeman: Continue with the self affirmations.
Jessica Freeman: Done that.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. No.
Jessica Freeman: I'm supposed to like to maybe start my own meeting I did look into that. I just didn't get much response. So I'm thinking that once this is all over
Jessica Freeman: That I might just start going to some of the meetings that they have at the recovery houses, you know, they have
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, is that recovery houses.
Jessica Freeman: Every day.
Jessica Freeman: So maybe just do that. That way I can meet some people that really need what I have to offer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good idea.
Jessica Freeman: Thanks, of course, to a disease free
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This coronas yes
He's and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I heard from Dr element. He says, Man, Mr talky talky is gonna be moving this week and may not be in the group anymore.
Jessica Freeman: And you have a Friday 1:30pm group.
Jessica Freeman: But there's some he said there's a similar situation with the person dominating the conversation.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Look, I mean, I understand. I know those types. I used to be that type
Jessica Freeman: Um, so I get where they're coming from. But I don't know, I just wish that I wish that the facilitators of the group would do a little more to let everyone have a chance and not not allow him to just go on and on and on.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think that he can be handled.
Jessica Freeman: But it's not my place to do that.
Right.
Jessica Freeman: I just got a text from mom, she says, hey, I did not realize that we were going to have workman here at the house at 2pm I should probably watch key in at your house. Let me know what you think.
Jessica Freeman: There goes my
Jessica Freeman: I don't say anything.
Jessica Freeman: I don't respond to anything until I'm calm.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Jessica Freeman: I learned that early on, you know, when you pop off at the mouth.
Jessica Freeman: And I feel like that's what I've done my whole life is just
Jessica Freeman: So I don't do that.
Jessica Freeman: I hit the pause button.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes that's really needed. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about after the workers leave
Jessica Freeman: Well, yes.
Jessica Freeman: She said the workers are coming over at 2pm. Well, why don't you take him like now it you know
Jessica Freeman: quality time with him. Maybe I'll suggest that, but obviously that's not what she wants.
Jessica Freeman: She wants to watch him here.
Jessica Freeman: That's what she wants.
Jessica Freeman: She needs help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think it'd be a good suggestion.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just really voice that you need this time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: You know, I've talked to her about it over and over again, mom. My mom.
Jessica Freeman: I recognize that she has difficulty maintaining boundaries, like other like respecting other people's boundaries.
Jessica Freeman: And I've had to
Jessica Freeman: Maintain them, you know, in opposition to her many, many times. So, but I know how to be gentle.
Jessica Freeman: Good you that
Jessica Freeman: It doesn't take me long to calm down.
Jessica Freeman: You know, it used to take me
Jessica Freeman: Hours sometimes days times weeks. I mean, I used to be so mad for so long, you know, can you hear me.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, okay. I keep saying your internet is unstable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my it keeps saying that on my screen, too.
Weird
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that there's an overload in Internet usage right now.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, we're all breaking the Internet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work from home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what they tell everybody work from home. If you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. I almost feel like just telling my employer like
Jessica Freeman: I can't work from home.
Jessica Freeman: I need to wait until I can come into the office.
Jessica Freeman: You know, then I
Jessica Freeman: Have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is your office closed.
There's nobody in the office.
Jessica Freeman: They have an office. Lots of people in it. And I don't know if people are working there are not like I just worked for the team and the team works in the building and the building is Keller Williams.
Jessica Freeman: So, um,
Jessica Freeman: The thing is that one of the there was a positive
Jessica Freeman: coven 19 test at the a member of the gym. That is literally right next door so possibly somebody from Keller Williams goes to that gym, you know, I'm just, I don't want to risk it. I don't want to go into that office. It's literally right next door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame me then.
Jessica Freeman: I want to get sick. I don't want to get my parents sick. I don't want to get my kids sick.
Jessica Freeman: I mean we're healthy. Oh, fever, no cough, you know, knock on wood.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, we're doing for and I don't want to jeopardize that
I want to say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was trying to think of other avenues that you're able to get some seclusion time
Jessica Freeman: I thought maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nobody was going in the office, but one person demand the phones that it'd be a perfect time for you to be able to go in. Sit your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Office and
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I thought about it and I talked to
Jessica Freeman: My colleague
Jessica Freeman: Maybe
Jessica Freeman: Gonna give him something to chew on.
Jessica Freeman: This is a stress producer.
Jessica Freeman: It's okay sweetie pie.
Jessica Freeman: I
Jessica Freeman: Think we're better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's happy.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's a stress. Stress. There's a lot of heat. He needs to chew.
Jessica Freeman: Sometimes he just needs to
Jessica Freeman: Be really bad when he was
Jessica Freeman: Younger and will probably give that again. And when you like mainstreamed in school.
Jessica Freeman: But he's been he's been better. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you need to find something just like his, his toy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I shows you, and you very
Jessica Freeman: Well, I mean, I'm killing the puzzles, like I've done a couple of really complicated puzzles and I like that it just like satisfies something
Jessica Freeman: Keeps me keeps me sharp
Jessica Freeman: Keeps on the ball. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Play with his toes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He likes touch.
Jessica Freeman: He's sensory seeking rather than sensory sensitive. So we have a trampoline in the house.
Jessica Freeman: It gets it gets a lot of a lot of action.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, see my mom's house.
Jessica Freeman: They've set up like there is very own sensory gym that has like a net swing, almost like a hammock, but a hammock that's on one thing, so he can get his net and just
Jessica Freeman: Y'all
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. It provides a lot of stimulation and then crash pad. And what else do you have
Jessica Freeman: He has an OT swing. You know, like it's a big round swing that just kind of goes in all directions. And so, you know, that's another reason we could take him. He needs that he needs that and stuff and I you know only so much I can do here. I don't have a million and a half dollar mansion.
Jessica Freeman: Right. Although houses is nice house.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I really mean this time.
Jessica Freeman: To focus on work, comma, mom, period.
Jessica Freeman: And I think he needs.
Jessica Freeman: A change of scenery.
Jessica Freeman: And some sensory input from your little stairs gym period.
Jessica Freeman: How about if you keep him earlier. And then he can come home at 2pm when your workers get their question mark.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very good.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good communication.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah well. She's, she's not the easiest person to communicate with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it seems to me you figured out how
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Can I do it.
Jessica Freeman: On either worker and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She said, what
Jessica Freeman: She said the workers are fair and her original message says
Jessica Freeman: workman at the house at to
Jessica Freeman: Now she says workers are there until two
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, I understand.
Jessica Freeman: When do you plan on arriving question mark.
Jessica Freeman: I'm gonna do what I can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell you can do, you know,
Know,
Jessica Freeman: There's
A lot
Jessica Freeman: I mean you familiar
Jessica Freeman: Stemming self stimulating stemming
Jessica Freeman: Like
Jessica Freeman: Peripheral vision and getting stuff real closers face, like, you know, he just he has some little ticks.
Jessica Freeman: You know, he seems lot of extra stemming right now.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he needs some movement.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I feel that there's more. I could do
Jessica Freeman: It is, but it's like
Jessica Freeman: I should be working. I should be cleaning. I should be taken care of. Yeah, should be like engaging my kid I should be doing this, I should be doing that. And then I freeze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you got to get out of that woulda shoulda coulda
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got any good to just sit and what is you know you you have that mindset where you want to be someplace else and then you're not present, where you're at. And so it's about saying, I know that I have these things I need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to do them, but right now this is where I'm leaving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Can go out back, but we can't go for a why okay yet, honey. We'll go, we'll go soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Jessica Freeman: They both
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a lot of attention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, I bet I'm sure you're the only person you know your mom comes over, you don't have a whole lot of, you know, they don't have a whole lot of interaction but you, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Uh huh.
Jessica Freeman: She just read my message.
Jessica Freeman: I've got to run some errands today, I gotta go to the store and I don't take I'm not taking him. I don't take him out.
Jessica Freeman: On Air and I don't want him expose anything because he gets sick really easily.
Jessica Freeman: He's had chronic ear infections and
Jessica Freeman: He said tubes, put in his ears. One of them has like he's outgrown it
Jessica Freeman: Maybe the other one. And he just it's been, I don't know, a couple months.
Jessica Freeman: Since they were checked, but
Jessica Freeman: I just don't want to expose them to anything.
Jessica Freeman: You're right. So be present. Okay, so
Jessica Freeman: You know what I should do is like
Jessica Freeman: Right now out a schedule for the day. You know, like every day like these, because I know like there are things that I need to do every day. And so maybe making a schedule will make it
Jessica Freeman: Will help me to focus on what I'm doing.
Jessica Freeman: When I'm doing it, you know.
Right.
Jessica Freeman: I'm kind of structure. I need, I need that like I need structure that's why going to work is good for me.
Jessica Freeman: When I LIVED IN THE RECOVERY HOUSE, YOU KNOW, I had to structure things and that's what got me back on track. And I like to have a structured routine.
Jessica Freeman: Life and this is really out of whack right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And knowing that and accepting the fact that it's really basically out of your control right now and just working within the boundaries that you have right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being being present when you're, you know, with the baby and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, pulling yourself out of being present when you're focusing on something else that makes sense.
Jessica Freeman: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you can't live in, you know, if you keep your mind in the I should be doing this, I should be doing that I should be doing this and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're staying, you know, in a place that is going to get you nowhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to peer out of that and say, you know, this is where I am right now. These are the things I'd like to accomplish today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But be okay you know don't attach yourself to the outcome if you're not able to get all of them completed, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like being okay with that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things come up all the time. And you know how we think that they should turn out it could turn out completely opposite be completely out of our control.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, like
Jessica Freeman: Today he was supposed to be gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just kind of taking what you got. And working with it. You know, like you do in in every other area, you know, you can't let what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: affect you. You've got to keep feeding you know your positivity. You've got to keep feeding you know your recovery. You've got to take care of you. You know what I mean. And I can tell you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The last 12 days are wearing on you. Yeah, I see it.
Jessica Freeman: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet, being able to go to the grocery store today just getting out and getting away and breathing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It in time for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go into the grocery store slowly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Wish I could go get my nails done.
Jessica Freeman: Or closed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, isn't that crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would, you would think that's a, that's a nice, but
Jessica Freeman: It is
Jessica Freeman: What happens when you're, you know, you're acrylic
Jessica Freeman: Needs a repair.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Careful, careful
Jessica Freeman: He's in my room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember that it was supposed to be 14 days and you're on day 12
This is true.
Jessica Freeman: And 15 days to slow spread and, you know, I've been keeping up on stuff I'm keeping an eye on the numbers and Indiana.
Jessica Freeman: And the numbers in New Mexico, we're doing really well here like we just had 100 positives as of today, just had one death as of yesterday. So you Mexico is like 40 s down the list as far as numbers Indiana is higher.
Jessica Freeman: You know they've got
Jessica Freeman: Significantly more positives and more deaths.
Jessica Freeman: My son, my, you know, nearly 17 year old. And just a couple of days have a sanity.
Jessica Freeman: He lives in Indiana and actually mom and I had an awesome idea, a few days ago this was before some more of the restrictions were put down, but we're like,
Jessica Freeman: We should get him out here, you know, he's not in school, he can just use your school work online, you know, let's go here because he would be such a big help, and it would be so amazing to spend some time with them, you know,
Jessica Freeman: But his dad is the, you know,
Jessica Freeman: It's them.
Jessica Freeman: So that's not happening.
Jessica Freeman: If you're going
Jessica Freeman: On yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you ask
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, we asked. Yeah, and then
Jessica Freeman: And then his dad.
Jessica Freeman: Ignore the request for 48 hours.
Jessica Freeman: And come here.
Jessica Freeman: Then when he did get back. Well, I was all vague and, you know, lots of ocean.
Jessica Freeman: Come sit down and put your shoes on.
Jessica Freeman: Right there.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I did get my hopes up there for a few minutes and I shouldn't have, because I know better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He gave a bunch of excuses why it couldn't happen.
Jessica Freeman: Well, they're moving to Texas right I already told you about the, you know, the fact that I don't want my son switching high schools and moving to Texas right before you're here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But his dad is going to do, you know. He's the master of the universe, do whatever he wants. You know,
Jessica Freeman: As long as it's best for Scott. It's what's best for everything right.
Jessica Freeman: But
He
Jessica Freeman: They're moving to Texas. And so now everything is up in the air like oh are we going to move early. Are we going to move late
Jessica Freeman: They were supposed to move in June and now Brendan. My son is like Dad told a cert packing. We don't know, blah, blah, blah. So his dad is using this move to Texas as an excuse to keep Brendan under complete lock and key.
Jessica Freeman: Right here. Let me get your jacket.
Jessica Freeman: Going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The moving early
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. You won't say maybe they're moving early maybe they're moving in June, maybe they're moving later it's all up in the air so that Scott can just keep a hold of them. All right, I'm just going to get your jacket you stay
Jessica Freeman: awake and Neato neato.
Jessica Freeman: So staying present I can do.
Jessica Freeman: To maybe work on these resentments with Scott, a little bit more
Jessica Freeman: Ingrained firing now.
Jessica Freeman: Just because I'm you know, it's like, wait, it's, it's an old idea. It's an old mindset that I struggle with, um, you know, if I want something a lot if I really, really want something then. Damn it, I should have it right
Jessica Freeman: And I want it now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haha
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you know, again, it's about asking the question, and not attaching yourself to the outcome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of hoping for the best, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, expecting the worst.
Jessica Freeman: I got my hopes up.
Jessica Freeman: And I knew I shouldn't have.
Jessica Freeman: But it is what it is you know we're worse off than before.
Jessica Freeman: Any chilly out here. Thank you. No.
Thank you.
Jessica Freeman: Now something very cool is that the backyard is completely safe. There's a wall around the whole thing. And there's gate that he can't get out of. There's really nothing dangerous out here.
Jessica Freeman: I can
Jessica Freeman: Let him play in the dirt and I can, you know, stay close by and check in on him often. But I don't have to worry about, which is really nice.
Jessica Freeman: Big platform. It is. It is.
Jessica Freeman: I wish there were more grass and less gravel, but whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's a good place for him to be able to get out some energy
Jessica Freeman: That and trampoline.
Jessica Freeman: But you know, it's like, day after day after day after day.
Jessica Freeman: But now it's really nice to have some outside toys so he can like shovel in the dirt and like
Jessica Freeman: You know, some other stuff. And we do art projects out there. Also, I've been looking at stuff too. I like you can order a kit of stuff like
Jessica Freeman: Like craft supplies.
Jessica Freeman: And I think that might be something good at something, I'll enjoy doing and maybe he enjoys it or not, but at least it's something like get feathers and beads and they'll be different textures.
Jessica Freeman: Right now his favorite thing to do is for me to open the peanut butter and for
Jessica Freeman: For him to run back and forth to the peanut butter pretend like almost putting his, his little racecars into the jar of peanut butter.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm like, you know, every time he gets close. I'm like, no, but he loves messing with the peanut butter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's
Jessica Freeman: One of a kind, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what do you mean to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what you're going to do to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your store craziness this week.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I'm gonna go to the grocery store today.
Jessica Freeman: You know what before. And second, I see for your opinion.
Sure.
Jessica Freeman: Is it a terrible idea to tell my new employer that working from home is not working for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that when you're being up front and you're being true to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing horrible about that.
Jessica Freeman: I mean I'm trying really hard.
Jessica Freeman: It's just, it doesn't work. I can barely get this hour with you. You know, like
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So maybe you know maybe it's a good idea that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let them know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and I mean I've discussed it with
Jessica Freeman: You know, two of the people on the team just not not the bosses.
Jessica Freeman: So, um, yeah, I think, I think I may have to do that because it'll take a lot of pressure off of me. I know I'll feel better if I don't have to worry about making sure I get four hours of working every day.
Jessica Freeman: And can I want to, but anyway. Okay, so
Jessica Freeman: To answer your question. You said, What am I going to do, I'm going to go to the grocery store. Today I'm going to enjoy being out of the house. I'm going to
Jessica Freeman: I mean, like, I've talked to my mom 500 times about the fact that she needs to like take him.
Hey,
Jessica Freeman: Boy Hey you.
Jessica Freeman: Know, sorry.
Jessica Freeman: No iPad in the dirt.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I guess me. I don't know. So maybe I need to accept the fact that she's just going to watch him here and that are you going to break. Maybe I just need to accept that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And work within the boundaries that you're given to the best of your ability, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When she comes over there, you can always go take a hot bath, a long shower and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can go to your room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Except that the baby's gonna you know be knocking on the door, be prepared for that. Right. You're a boss, you know, in Gmail, let them know about your struggles, so that you're 100% transparent.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And write down a schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: daily schedule.
Jessica Freeman: I don't want to get your
Jessica Freeman: Ear lady.
Jessica Freeman: Right.
Jessica Freeman: Did I miss anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Continue reaching out and go into your meetings and talking to your new sober friend.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: Find other ways of self care like
Jessica Freeman: Maybe you know one of the things that drives me nuts. Is that like this dangerous word I should I should like my house should be cleaner, like I should have stuff organized because here I am, I'm at home all the time. All this stuff should be getting done.
Jessica Freeman: So maybe I put that into my schedule. Maybe I give myself an hour a day to like unpack and organize and
Jessica Freeman: Then I will be so hard on myself about it because I'll make some some slow progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a great idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you think about your show to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How much you actually need the sugar.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How real important. Is it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you gonna have a party at your house is are you going to have a bunch of people over there. Is it going to be inspected. What is the big need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To accomplish these things, you know, all of these things in one day.
Jessica Freeman: Or, you know, even over the course of many days I've been here for 12 days.
Jessica Freeman: And it's trashed, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Look at all the cars.
Jessica Freeman: And then
Jessica Freeman: I had to check on the kids.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, I can do all this, I have a good list. I feel good about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you. I know I was kind of a Debbie Downer today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope. It happens. I mean, this is a time right now. You know what I mean, and realizing and understanding that, you know, working from home doesn't work for some people and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just kind of need to own it and realize that
Jessica Freeman: Who knows how long was last
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Night. There's no time limit. And, you know, time limit is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On you. Right. You're the only one that's putting this on you. So you've got to kind of break that way. It's okay. It's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's gonna happen, get them done a little bit at a time. You know what I mean, don't stress about it. Don't you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't think that you're not doing everything that you should be doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because if you think about what you are doing, you're still doing a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For that
Jessica Freeman: I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you stay in when really, when you stay in the worst because you stay out of, out of the items right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's in the negativity and out of the box.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have done this, I am doing this I am doing this recognize what you are doing.
Jessica Freeman: Mom's on our way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, although
Jessica Freeman: You know. Yeah, it'd be good. You're right. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: All right, I you know I should be proud of myself for being here in this house all the time and taking care
Jessica Freeman: Um, but I'm doing fine. I mean, it just imagine what it would be like using be a shit show
Jessica Freeman: Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: change that to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I should too. I am
Jessica Freeman: I am doing those things. I'm not a Pinterest. Mom, but I'm a good mom I'm sober mom.
Jessica Freeman: And how many people are escaping right now with like alcohol and drugs right now like
Jessica Freeman: That's what I would be doing. I would spend every dime that I had on all the drugs and all the alcohol and then that's all I would be doing is to get through the time just to pass the time.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, but I don't live like that anymore. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah priorities and you have things, you know, that definitely needs to be done. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: I don't have a healthy little boy I'm taking good care of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do not forget that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Easy to lose sight of, like, you know, in the moment being here all the time. So I will, I will add that to my post it, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know should
Jessica Freeman: There should. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a hard one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We do it so right you know so regularly that it's hard to identify sometimes. But, you know, try to catch yourself and stay out of the shades and stay in the items.
Jessica Freeman: You got it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm scheduled for me.
Jessica Freeman: Same bat time same bat channel.
Jessica Freeman: Hopefully I'll be in a more positive headspace and have some work. I told you have some good things to report today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did don't discount the things that you are doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: You're right.
Jessica Freeman: And the dishes are done and I did vacuum yesterday so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, there you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a little things every day, you know, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a little things that add up. No.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I watched all the sheets in the house.
Jessica Freeman: I'm doing fine doing just fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You baby safe. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have any grand
Jessica Freeman: Name is Gabriella
Jessica Freeman: She's she has a year, but she's done. She's been in and out.
Jessica Freeman: Like in and out of the program and
Jessica Freeman: Apparently it was like a victim of sex trafficking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: She also has a powerful story.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing when you hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways, I am going to let you go.
Jessica Freeman: Okay. Have a great week. Thank you for everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a great week and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have homework.
Jessica Freeman: I do
Jessica Freeman: I wrote it down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That should be on the top notions.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, got it.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, thanks for you.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Smile and make it a good day.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, you too. Thanks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. I will talk to you next week. Jessica,
Jessica Freeman: Okay. Bye bye.